Add config "install.data_disk" and remove config "install.no_data_partition" (#116)
harvester/docs: docs/install/harvester-configuration.md

  no_data_partition: true
```

### `install.data_disk`

> 

Reviewer: add `_Available as of v1.0.1_`

#### Definition

> The default storage device for storing VM data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sets the default storage device to store the VM data.
```

> Default: Use the same device as [`install.device`](./#installdevice)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Default: Same storage device as the one set for [`install.device`](./#installdevice)
```

#### Example

```yaml
install:
  data_disk: /dev/sdb
```

> !!! note
>     If a different storage device compared to [`install.device`](./#installdevice) is provided, the
>     [`no_data_partition`](./#installno_data_partition) config will be ignored, and the additional
>     partition for storing VM data will not be created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
!!! note
    If you configure a different storage device from the one set for [`install.device`](./#installdevice), the option
    [`no_data_partition`](./#installno_data_partition) will be ignored and the additional
    partition for storing VM data will not be created in the `install.device` storage device.
```
